Dear Web Conferencing Student,
 
I hope that your Spring semester is going smoothly.
 
My name is Anita Wiggins-Bailey and I am the proctor coordinator for ODUOnline.  I’m writing to inform you how to arrange for your test-taking this semester.  
 
Please check your syllabus (or check with your instructor) to see if you are required to use a proctor (or ProctorU) on test days. If your instructor states that, your tests/exams are take-home or on Blackboard, please disregard this e-mail. If you have already completed your proctor forms, thank you and disregard this e-mail.
 
If you are required to use a proctor (or ProctorU) on test days, please read on, and take these steps now: 

ODUOnline has set up a website designed to give you the information you need about how to locate a proctor for exams that are not given online. You will find it here: https://online.odu.edu/coursework/proctor-hampton-roads .   
 
Use your location to follow these three steps (identify, schedule, and inform):
Identify where you will be taking your exam(s). Your choices will vary depending on your location. Consult the list on the web page. 
 
You must schedule an appointment(s) to take your exam(s) not later than 72 hours (M-F) prior to your exam date. Finally, you must complete the agreement form. 
 
This will inform the ODU Online office about where you will be taking your exam(s).  Scheduling an appointment and informing ODUOnline where you will take your exams are required in order for your proctor to have your exam ready for you at your exam appointment.
 
2. If you are required to take an exam using ProctorU, view the information found on the ODUOnline ProctorU Student Information web page:  https://online.odu.edu/coursework/proctoru .
We want you to be successful as an ODUOnline student. The procedures, timelines, and guides are designed to help you reduce your “exam stress.”  Please feel free to contact me, rather than your instructor, with questions you have about proctored exam scheduling.  
 
Please remember to always use your ODU email account when you are corresponding with anyone in the ODU community.  I will only communicate ODU/Distance Learning proctor exam information with you via your ODU student email account.  Please include the word PROCTOR and your course name in the subject line of any e-mail that you send to me. 
 
I wish you success in your Spring course(s)!
 
Anita Wiggins-Bailey
 
Anita Wiggins-Bailey
Faculty Support Center Liaison/Exam Proctor Coordinator
Old Dominion University
Center for Learning and Teaching
138 Gornto Hall
awiggins@odu.edu
1 (800) 968-2638
(757) 683-3724