Scholarships for Nathaniel Everett

	

HonorSociety.org

 	 	 

Dear Nathaniel,

Honor Society is announcing exciting new scholarships, leadership opportunities, and paid internships over the coming weeks. Please connect with us via LinkedIn and Instagram to get up-to-date news on the opportunities. 


Join the exclusive Honor Society member group on LinkedIn
Follow Honor Society on LinkedIn
Follow Honor Society on Instagram


8 new scholarship recipients have already been announced in 2018! We will be sharing the recipient's stories, along with new scholarship opportunities on social media over the coming weeks.  
View Recent Scholarship Recipients



 
Honor Society LinkedIn Network


Linkedin

Highlight your 
Honor Society association on LinkedIn. Receive useful professional and academic updates. 
Join the group now.
 
 
New Active Member Scholarships - Over $10,000 Available
Scholarship details will be shared to members via LinkedIn and Instagram
 

1) Join the LinkedIn Member Group 
Highlight your Honor Society association on Linkedin, and receive useful academic and career updates. Post articles and tips to thousands of other members, and be recognized for your contributions. 
Join the Linkedin Group Now.

 
 

2) Follow us on our LinkedIn Profile
The Honor Society company profile is the best place to receive up-to-date Honor Society career and scholarship opportunities. Take a moment to follow our page now. 
Follow Honor Society on Linkedin Now. 



3) Follow us on Instagram 
The Honor Society Instagram has been highlighted as one of the best places to receive motivational messages and highlights of member trips, programs, internships and more! 
Follow Honor Society on Instagram Now. 

 

Additional current Honor Society scholarship opportunities include the:

Undergraduate Achiever Scholarship
Graduate Achiever Scholarship
Member Spotlight Scholarship
Community Service Scholarship
Study Abroad Scholarship
 

Learn More About These Scholarships

 

 

 

 
Study Abroad Scholarship Member Spotlight


Algenia from University of Alabama
Algenia - Study Abroad

Algenia, an Honor Society member and study abroad scholarship recipient, from the University of Alabama spent 6 weeks in Italy. Highlights of the program for her included visiting the Sistine Chapel, climbing Mount Vesuvius, hiking from city to city in Cinque Terre, and seeing opera in Verona.
View recipient profile.
 
 
Community Service Scholarship Member Spotlight

Quinashai from University of Houston
 Quinashai - Even Start

Quinashai, a student at the University of Houston, is an Honor Society community service scholarship recipient. She tutors Spanish speaking adults in the English language at a non-profit organization called Even Start.
View recipient profile.
 

 
 

	
Honor Society
1025 Connecticut Avenue, NW. Suite 1000 Washington, DC 20036

This email is exclusively for: never004@odu.edu
Exclude me from future mailings

Find us on:
Linkedin |  Facebook
YouTube | Twitter
